how to vlog part 3 today's a very rainy
day I'm in my sweat can you see I'm
going to say this morning for my hard
drive kind of settling in pretty much
lost 2 terabytes of footage if you have
no idea what I'm talking fun you can
watch my previous vlog but that's what
that's not what today's about today is
going to be a good day because I'm
revealing how I color grade in my videos
how I color grade my vlog this is
probably one of the most requested
videos I did I'm going to share my
secret that I think a lot of you guys
are curious about beyond color grading
and if you don't know what color grading
is it's basically after colour
correction so color correction is like
if this closest to blue I'm going to
make sure to balance the color a little
bit more to make it less blue color
grading comes after that when you're
like now I want to set a certain mood to
this video or I want it to look a
certain way I'm going to try to achieve
it you know stylistic beyond color I'm
also going to talk a little bit about
effects and premier utilize those using
adjustment layers and keyframes so just
first off I'm just going to tell you
what I use to color it I click on the
adjustment layer to pop up the effects
that I have applied to all the clips
underneath here this effect is a preset
that I have set it's called just film
vlog blue look it is the look that I
have pretty much on all of my vlogs if I
turn it off you see kind of the
different effect on effect off where do
I get this did I pull it out of thin air
no I'm not going to spend a lot of time
on this because magic bullet is
something you have to buy and it's
actually pretty expensive so I'm going
to show you how to maybe get a compared
look using a already existent
premiere plugin but I just want to show
you exactly what I use so what magic
bullet comes a lot of these color
grading tools there is looks mojo I use
film the film crease that fish it gives
you a lot of options so basically I'm
going to turn off the effect for now I'm
just going to focus on this clip I'm
going to double click it and I'm going
to double click film so right off the
bat it gives me kind of an ugly film
look something with presets you have to
realize is they're not going to look
great off the bat so if you have no idea
what Lux means you let it basically it
stands for lookup table it's something
you can download from the internet that
are already pre-existing books that
people have developed for you so you can
download them into premiere or Final Cut
and you can have these looks and then
change the opacity depending on what you
want there's not a lot of versatility in
those but something like Magic Bullet
Looks film looks if you could go and you
actually have control of everything the
exposures the contrast so there's a ton
of flexibility of course this doesn't
look that good right like I look like a
freaking zombie so this is where you can
come in and say okay my footage it's
pretty flat because I shot on my Sony as
like a neutral profile or maybe you shot
in a pp7
profile picture that's where you will
choose flat log is just like super super
flat footage so it's going to like
really really make the effect extreme
and then video option is basically if
you shoot with a normal look so it's
very saturated and contrasting I usually
keep it on flat and I can go through
these different film ups and really
decide which one I like again right off
the bat these look-up tables these
presets aren't going to be ideal they're
not going to be perfect but you click on
different things you would just
accordingly
you know you adjust the contrast you
adjust the saturation and all the things
will make your final look so just by
randomly hitting buttons I kind of got
like a cool look it's kind of like a
cool vibe all right I mean cool kind of
vintage II looking so we have that in
comparison to my look I'll turn that off
turn the adjustment layer back on and
that might look so similar okay so I use
magic bullet film looks but how can you
just start color grading right off the
bat without any presets or look up
tables you want to use a luma treat
color panel and premiere so I'm going to
show you that and then also I need to
show you my secret sauce on top of Magic
Bullet film looks this is what gives
kind of the look to my video I'm going
to show you that after like 40 seconds
from our sponsor video Black has one of
the fastest-growing and largest video
libraries where you can go and choose
from over three million videos after
effects and motion backgrounds you're
probably like how does this apply to me
and how could I use it I'm glad you
asked that this is a music video or a
lyric music video that I made maybe two
years ago and this is a really good
example of how to use like stock footage
or starry footage Spacey footage
anything over lay it over your video to
add a effect Lucy the gist you know I
shot some video but then I also went to
a stock footage website and I got starry
footage to then overlay these things
that I shot to make it more interesting
how he did this was basically just put
that starry video layer over my already
existent video layer
I changed the opacity to overlay and I
adjusted the apostasy via 100% to 0% to
my liking but anyways videoblocks was
launching a new collection featuring
hundreds of new unreal clips including
space VR deep water fantasy and sci-fi
footage you can click in the description
box below for a exclusive 7 day free
trial or go to videoblocks back home
slash future now back into the video
secret sauce you want the secret sauce
right you ready for it
grain not grain you can go and add in
these effects like that that's cool
grain right it adds like that kind of
grainy cool effect but like a video
layer of grain let me show you what I'm
talking about
if I go over here to like what the final
project looks like I have this other
video layer up here on v4 this is great
like literally if I expand this video
timeline this is a video clip of great
I'll show you what it looks like just by
itself it's like little speckle a great
stuff Google on the internet like 35
millimeter grain or something and you'll
be able to find this you might actually
be able to find on video block that
haven't gotten a chance to check it out
yet but grain is kind of my secret sauce
some of you guys are like why would you
do that like there's no real reason as
to I just love aesthetically how it
looks so I go for the more like Sony
look some of you guys are like what you
have these new fancy sharp cameras and
you're going to ruin it with grain I
mean it's a cool look I like and if you
dig it I'll show you kind of how I do it
import the grain into premiere into
Final Cut wherever you want to do copy
and paste it all over your video that
you want the grain on and obviously be
stronger you want the effect the higher
the opacity is going to be so you're
going to come in here in opacity and
you're going to click on the blend mode
the blend mode is a very cool way to
involve different effects like I was
just talking about the start effect this
is where you go in to blend mode you
click be preset overlay and that is
going to take basically your video layer
from just this to this it's basically
their overlay that grain if it is at
100% the grain is going to be more
present you can see it's more it's more
grainy and then if it's at like 10
percent the grain is way more subtle
once you export your video to YouTube
honestly the YouTube compression does
kind of like mess up or not even show
really the grain at all but it still
adds to the overall aesthetic so there
you go secret revealed I can quit
YouTube and you guys can make pretty
filmy look videos so how can you start
reading right now go into effect type in
luma treat color panel when color
training a smart thing to do is start a
adjustment layer Junoon adjustable air
it'll pop up in your project window
and just you're going to take it you're
going to drop it over the clips that you
want to color great
what does says is you can now add any
effect onto this adjustment layer
instead of the individual clips matte
effect the apply test everything below
the adjustment layer so it's going to
affect all of these clips instead of the
one individual clip you apply the effect
to so the new adjustment layer I just
put on it's going to be me showing you
the luma tree color panel bendrix
adjustment layer is the one I have
already added my film look to so I'm
going to go ahead and turn that off we
are going to drag and drop luma tree
color onto this the coloring a white rim
is very similar now in premiere with
this new plug-in luma tree color I'm
going to break it down just a little bit
if you're very unfamiliar with it it has
six drop-down menus here you can adjust
the temperature going to your right
makes it more warm left blue the tone is
right more magenta left is more green
exposure just makes your image brighter
or darker contrast makes your blacks
more black your whites more light
highlights will bring up the highlights
shadows make your shadows darker so it
makes your blacks more punchy and then
your whites will make your wife's more
lights blacks will make your blacks
bring up the white it will make your
white more light bring it down will make
your whites darker in a same thing for
black one major pro tip is curves curves
curves curves it looked that I always
basically went for is a s-curve you put
three dots hair here and you do this S
curve so that kind of crushes your black
this brings up the whites a little bit
you already have kind of a cool look
going on go back to basic correction
something you're going to dig is premier
already has lots built in to this limit
recolor panel so you can go in go
through some film looks similar to what
I showed you earlier be a Magic Bullet
film looks see all of these are so
extreme just right up with that but I'll
show you what you can do and somebody
mentioned early about luxans you don't
have a ton of control so basically what
you can do is you can say this is
way too strong right like obviously that
that doesn't look that good but you can
come to your adjustment layer and you
can change the opacity turn down wipe a
little bit because I was completely
blown out sorry like I actually really
like this look it's a little bit more of
like the faded film like and then I
would just add some green on the top
here Eddie how your videos looking very
bitey I would call this vibe let's take
this effect that we just did the luma
tree color effect and say for whatever
reason I want to suspect to go from zero
to all the way applied in the span of
five seconds you can do that via
keyframing
you can change any effect whether it's
the size of the clip its the opacity of
the clip it's the scale of the closest
the rotation if you want to change any
of that over time you do that via
keyframes and so you can see even the
animation on the timeline look so it
starts from zero and goes all the way to
100% so it's a very visual way of seeing
it so now if I click play
see the effect is getting stronger and
stronger and stronger and on very end is
the strongest so this is how i zoom in
on clips click on the clip click toggle
animation on scale it starts at 100 I
want to zoom into my face so I want it
all the way zoomed in right here so I'm
going to add another keyframe and I'm
going to enter in like 200 so that's
going to really zoom in look how pretty
that is
so now when I click on the clip look
it's gradually assuming into my face as
the effect is yeah gradually getting
more strong so the opportunity is in
lift with this you can change any effect
over times with keyframes also thank you
to video blocks for sponsoring this
video make sure to check out that link
in a church envelope or a 7 day free
trial thank you so much for tuning in to
these tutorials let me know if you like
this video if you liked it hit that
Pixar like button down below and if
you're new around here make sure to hit
that subscribe button
join the peachie fam make sure to check
out how to blog part 1 & 2 I have one
more coming atcha and then I'm always
vlogging I always put some videos Monday
through Friday 8 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time sticky cheap ok bye
[Music]